Wow! That is fascinating!
Did you know when you see things the way Jehovah sees them?
It can give you courage.
That's what happened to Joshua and Caleb.
Come on, I'll show you.
Ah, the Promised Land.
A beautiful place flowing with milk and honey.
Well, not like that.
Ah, that's better.
Jehovah told the Israelites to conquer it and make it their new home.
Joshua, Caleb, and 10 other spies were sent to observe the land.
And it was amazing!
After 40 days, they returned to the Israelites camp with a good report.
However, 10 of the spies also had a bad report about the people they saw.
They said that people were stronger than the Israelites and that all of them were giants.
Next to them, they were like weak little grasshoppers.
Did Joshua and Caleb see it that way?
No, after all, Jehovah had already used his power to free them from Egypt.
Jehovah sent plagues against the Egyptians.
He parted the Red Sea so the Israelites could get away safe.
And he even destroyed Pharaoh's army.
Joshua and Caleb saw things the way Jehovah sees them.
That no one is stronger than Jehovah.
When Jehovah's friends remember what he can do, they're courageous.
Did Joshua and Caleb ever get to live in the Promised Land?
Read their story and imagine you were there.
You make time every day to learn from Jehovah's friends.
What do you think?
What did Joshua and Caleb do to become Jehovah's friends?
When have you been afraid of something you felt you couldn't do?
What can you remember about Jehovah that gives you courage?